Options
Manage access
Security & analysis
Branches
Webhooks
Notifications
Integrations
Deploy keys
Actions
Environments
Secrets
Pages
Moderation settings
Settings
Repository name
tester-for
Template repository 
Template repositories let users generate new repositories with the same directory structure and files. Learn more.

Social preview
Upload an image to customize your repository’s social media preview.

Images should be at least 640×320px (1280×640px for best display).
Download template

 Edit
Features
Wikis 
Restrict editing to collaborators only 
Public wikis will still be readable by everyone.

Issues 
Issues integrate lightweight task tracking into your repository. Keep projects on track with issue labels and milestones, and reference them in commit messages.

Get organized with issue templates
Give contributors issue templates that help you cut through the noise and help them push your project forward.

Sponsorships   
Sponsorships help your community know how to financially support this repository.

Display a "Sponsor" button
Add links to GitHub Sponsors or third-party methods your repository accepts for financial contributions to your project.

Projects 
Project boards on GitHub help you organize and prioritize your work. You can create project boards for specific feature work, comprehensive roadmaps, or even release checklists.

Preserve this repository 
Include this code in the GitHub Archive Program.

Discussions 
Discussions is the space for your community to have conversations, ask questions and post answers without opening issues.

Get started with Discussions
Engage your community by having discussions right in your repository, where your community already lives

Merge button
When merging pull requests, you can allow any combination of merge commits, squashing, or rebasing. At least one option must be enabled. If you have linear history requirement enabled on any protected branch, you must enable squashing or rebasing.

Allow merge commits 
Add all commits from the head branch to the base branch with a merge commit.

Allow squash merging 
Combine all commits from the head branch into a single commit in the base branch.

Allow rebase merging 
Add all commits from the head branch onto the base branch individually.

You can allow setting pull requests to merge automatically once all required reviews and status checks have passed.

Allow auto-merge 
Waits for merge requirements to be met and then merges automatically. Learn more

After pull requests are merged, you can have head branches deleted automatically.

Automatically delete head branches 
Deleted branches will still be able to be restored.

Archives
When creating source code archives, you can choose to include files stored using Git LFS in the archive.

Include Git LFS objects in archives 
Git LFS usage in archives is billed at the same rate as usage with the client.

GitHub Pages
Pages settings now has its own dedicated tab! Check it out here!
Danger Zone
Change repository visibility
This repository is currently public.
Transfer ownership
Transfer this repository to another user or to an organization where you have the ability to create repositories.

Archive this repository
Mark this repository as archived and read-only.

Delete this repository
Once you delete a repository, there is no going back. Please be certain.

